~ SETTING/BACKGROUND ~

The protag saw a billboard stating "TAKE A BREAK FROM THE COLLAPSE OF HUMANITY!! RELAXING LAKESIDE COTTAGES".
They investigate the offer, but still feel the omnipresent collapse of humanity.
During their stay, they take up the hobby of building little robots out of scrap to liven the place up.


~ BIRD ROBOT LEVEL ~ Town Center

A note you find several copies of plastered on a wall:

The fascinating origin story of RELAXING LAKESIDE COTTAGES!! A message from its creator:

hello, this is [BUSINESSMAN] (see picture attached), but you already knew that ahaha. you may have noticed that humanity has "collapsed" and maybe you aren't very happy about it. I, however, see it as an opportunity. that's what sets Me apart from all of you. with the uptick in people feeling scared, fearful, nervous, etc., I had one simple yet intelligent idea — I could make a whole lot of money from this situation. after some brainstorming, RELAXING LAKESIDE COTTAGES was the avenue I deemed most profitable.


Alternate version?

The fascinating origin story of RELAXING LAKESIDE COTTAGES!! A message from its creator:

hello— wait, you're telling me I have to verify my age by uploading a selfie in case I write any swear words? goddamnit. okay, well, as you can now see, this is [BUSINESSMAN], founder of yadayada you know already. you may have noticed that humanity has "collapsed" and maybe you aren't very happy about it. I, however, see it as an opportunity. that's what sets Me apart from all of you. with the uptick in people feeling scared, fearful, nervous, etc., I had one simple yet intelligent idea — I could make a whole lot of money from this situation. after some brainstorming, RELAXING LAKESIDE COTTAGES was the avenue I deemed most profitable.




<><><><><>

~ ENDING ~ Review time!

0.5 - 1.5 stars:

horrible place built by horrible people. i did not feel relaxed and it wasn't even cottages. the buildings were more like apartments. and i don't even like robots that much.

Okay, for real though

Having said that, considering the complaints above, I can't give this place more than X stars.


2.0 - 3.5 stars:



4.0 - 5.0 stars:

I'm a bit surprised to be giving this place X stars, since it failed at basically everything it promised to deliver: it wasn't particularly relaxing and under no reasonable definition could those buildings be considered cottages. 

However, it did serve well as a canvas for my little robots. This trip was made worthwhile by the reassurance that [say something impactful about art]. This place unintentionally ended up way more purposeful than any manufactured feeling of comfort it was hoping to provide.
